# EA Black Box ABK Tool
This is a utility used to manipulate ABK audio banks used in NFS games.

Right now all it does is that it parses ABKs, extracts BNK files out of ABK and uses SX to convert the files and renames them to a more usable format.

# Features
Currently only supports unpacking and basic parsing of the ABK format.

A lot more is on the TODO list.

## TODO:
- lotsa stuff
- S10A bank format support (Xenon MW and Next-Gen Carbon)
- repacking of banks (SX will mostly be used)
- some QoL things I didn't mention (more options, maybe an UI)

# Compatibility
Works with any Need for Speed game that utilizes the standard BNK format generated by Sound eXchange.

- PC (BNK format, up to Most Wanted)
- PS2 (all NFS games since UG1)
- GameCube (all NFS games since UG1)
- Xbox (all NFS games since UG1)
- Xenon / Xbox360 (if it used BNK)
- PS3 (if it used BNK)
- Wii (untested, only if it uses BNK)

# Requirements
This utility relies on Sound eXchange utility made by Electronic Arts and ONLY works on Windows and Wine.
You must place SX.EXE next to the ABKTool binary.

# Usage
- Put SX.EXE next to the ABKTool.exe
- Preferably copy the ABK next to the ABKTool.exe (in the same folder)
- Drag and drop an ABK to ABKTool.exe (or launch ABKTool from the command line and pass the path to the ABK file)
- The files will be extracted in a special folder with the same name as the ABK itself in WAV format.

# Disclaimer
Sound eXchange is Copyright (c) 2004 - 2020 Electronic Arts
No harm was intended in making this utility towards EA and their intellectual properties.
Distributed here is a copy that was publicly released by EA.
